examples/migration: add doc about migration linting (#2856)
ent/ent: doc/md/versioned-migrations.mdx

The full reference example exists in [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ent/ent/tree/master/examples/migration).

### Verifying and linting migrations

After generating our migration files with Atlas, we can run the [`atlas migrate lint`](https://atlasgo.io/versioned/lint)

> command that validate and analyze the contents of the migration directory and generate insights and diagnostics on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command that validates and analyzes the contents of the migration directory and generate insights and diagnostics on the
```

selected changes:

1. Ensure the migration history can be replayed from any point at time.
2. Protect from unexpected history changes when concurrent migrations are written to the migration directory by multiple
team members. Read more about the consistency checks in the [section below](#atlas-migration-directory-integrity-file).

> 3. Detect whether destructive or irreversible changes have been made or whether they are dependent on tables' contents

Reviewer: Link to atlas 

https://atlasgo.io/lint/analyzers#destructive-changes

https://atlasgo.io/lint/analyzers#data-dependant-changes
